= 5.0.3 - 2012-09-24

Fixes:

* Reloading issue in development mode
* Mass-assignment fix of previous release was incomplete

= 5.0.2 - 2012-09-24

Fixes:

* Mass-assignment fixes in core rendered wiki tabs unusable

= 5.0.1 - 2011-10-21

Fixes:

* Adding hints about migration to version 5.0 in README.rdoc

= 5.0.0 - 2011-10-21

Major Change:

* Plugin folder should be named chiliproject_wiki_tabs from now on.

= 4.0.3 - 2011-10-17

Fixes:

* Updated Changelog

= 4.0.2 - 2011-10-17

Fixes:

* Wiki Tabs with non-ascii names are now supported

= 4.0.1 - 2011-08-03

Fixes:

* Works with Redmine trunk

NB: Redmine is not officially supported. Compatibility might break at any point
in the future.

= 4.0.0 - 2011-07-29

Changing some names, removing Redmine.

= 3.1.0 - 2011-07-25

This release introduces compatibility with ChiliProject 2.1

NB: WikiTabs is not compatibile with ChiliProject 2.0

= 3.0.2 - 2011-05-11

This release contains no code changes - only tests were fixed

Fixes:

* Fixing tests, stupid me

= 3.0.1 - 2011-05-11

Fixes:

* Preview was not working when using the new wiki page link

= 3.0.0 - 2011-04-29

Features:

* Added link to directly create a new wiki page, no more fiddling in the
  address bar
* Added link to directly create a child page of the current page, no more
  fiddling in the address bar to first create a page and make it a subpage by
  'renaming' it.

= 2.0.2 - 2011-04-27

Fixes:

* Fixing unwanted dependency to activity_module

= 2.0.1 - 2011-03-24

Fixes:

* Default-Wiki-Tab remains active although it shouldn't

= 2.0.0 - 2011-03-14

Since 1.1.0 breaks in development, while working fine in production, we
needed further refactorings and changes in ChiliProject. The changes needed are
collected in #269 in the ChiliProject.org bug tracker.

Features:

* When a child page of a wiki tab page is shown, the wiki tab is selected
* The default Wiki tab is selected, when wiki content is shown and no other
  custom wiki tab is selected

Fixes:

* Reloading in development environment works as expected
* Wiki Tabs referencing redirects instead of actual pages work as expected

= 1.1.0 - 2011-03-07

This release changes an internal implementation strategy. This results in an
updated dependency. We now need to have ChiliProject 1.1 with an additional
core patch, which will hopefully be included in 1.2.

This change will improve compatibility with other plugins.

= 1.0.0 - 2011-03-03 - Initial release

This plugin provides the ability to add tabs linking to wiki pages on a
per-project basis. It also allows to remove the default wiki link from
the main menu, while the wiki itself is not deactivated.
